>> Kyle Simpson: All right, let's
talk about this exercise on hoisting.
We have a inline function expression here.
And I said in the lecture that I
typically do use one-liner functions
as inline function expressions.
But just for
the purposes of this exercise,
let's see what it looks like when we move
it out as an in-function expression.
And you can then make calls
on your own as to whether or
not that improves or
hampers the readability, okay?
So I can pull that out,
I have to leave it inside of this scope
because it does reference the studentId.
I can't pull it out as
some standalone helper,
it is closed over in using the studentId.
But one thing that I do like about this
style of pulling things out as function
declarations.
Is that the places where these functions
are used end up reading a lot more
cleanly without being interrupted with
function execution, definition code.
So this reads very cleanly as find,
by matching the ID,
find a student record by ID.
So that style of code
of pulling things out,
even one-liners, does have some advantages
from a readability perspective.
Okay, let's do a similar thing down here.
We already have a named function being
used, so what about this function?
Well, we know that that function's
not using anything internally, so
we could pull it out as its
own standalone function.
So I will do that, and
we will simply reference it by name.
Which again, has that readability benefit,
now it's much clearer
what the sort is doing.
Same thing with printRecord,
printRecord is essentially a standalone
function which can be replaced by
a name that references it itself.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now,
obviously opinions vary, but
my opinion is that produces a lot
more readable code to do that.
Down to paidStudentsToEnroll, again,
we have an inline filter function.
This is inline filter function is not
using any of the internal variables.
So wait, what was that called,
needToEnroll, same thing,
it could be moved out.
And as I said in the intro to the
exercise, the reason why we can prefer,
from the perspective of function hoisting.
The reason why we can prefer moving it
to the outer scope is that it is easier,
generally, to analyze scopes
when they are flatter.
The more deeply nested scopes get,
the more confusing the closures can happen
in places that we're not expecting.
So we're trying to move them out to
as outer of a scope as we can to try
to have a simpler scope
model to think about.
Okay, getStudentId is a similar thing,
it is not referring to
anything internally, so
that is,
>> Kyle Simpson: One that we can move out.
>> Kyle Simpson: And then,
finally, the remindUnpaid,
we have this filtering function.
Which is, again,
not using anything internal,
so we can pull it out to this
outer scope and use it by name.
>> Kyle Simpson: Lastly, we can see
that all these functions are at the top.
But they don't necessarily need to be at
the top because of function hoisting.
So what we're going to
do is copy all of those,
>> Kyle Simpson: And come down here and
put them at the bottom.
And then just for general readability,
I like to draw ASCII lines.
And everything below the line
is implementation detail,
everything above the line
is my executable code.
So when I open the file, I see everything
right there at the top that's gonna run.
As I mentioned in the lecture,
I see this as essentially understanding
something more detailed about my tool.
And using my tool in a way that I think
effects a positive change, in this case,
for readability.
So there are certainly ways that you can
use hoisting and make code more confusing.
But that doesn't mean that all
usages of hoisting are bad.
I think there are ways to use hoisting and
use function declarations and
use nested functions or
functions that are pulled out.
I think there are ways to do that in which
you can make your code more readable.
Well, hopefully that's the takeaway
you get from this exercise.
Is that that's a worthwhile venture for
you to analyze about your code.